(The following content may not be suitable for viewers under 15.)
(Viewer discretion is advised.)
(Episode 20)
Are you really Choi Eun Seok?
What's wrong with you? She's your daughter.
(DNA Parentage Test Report)
Who are you?
I know that you're not my daughter.
Honey. What are you talking about?
This is the DNA test between me and her.
I...
(DNA Parentage Test Report)
(Excluded)
What I want to ask you...
No.
What I want to check with you...
is that if you knew.
You knew you're not my daughter.
I'm sorry.
Wait... Wait. Hold on.
Is this...
the DNA test between you and Eun Seok?
This can't be true.
Why did you apologize, Eun Seok?
Why would you apologize?
I'm sorry. I should've told you earlier.
I was going to tell you everything today.
Yes.
You knew.
You knew all about it.
And you deceived us.
I didn't mean to.
Get out.
Vice Chairman Choi. Please listen to me.
I told my parents to go to the police tomorrow.
I wasn't going to keep on deceiving you.
I didn't wait to hear your excuses!
I wanted to check in person.
Now that I checked, we're finished.
Letting you walk out on your own...
is the best I can do for you.
Leave this house now.
Vice Chairman Choi. Ms. No.
Eun Seok.
Don't call her that!
I have to go.
I'll see that your parents...
don't end up being sued.
Get up.
Do you want to get kicked out?
Subtitle ripped and resynced by redixion
Eun Seok.
Is it true?
Are... Are you really not my daughter?
Is it really true?
Did you know all about this?
I'm sorry.
General Manager Min!
Take her out.
Where are you going?
When did you... How did you find out?
Why didn't you tell me sooner?
It's you who caused all this mess,
so why would I do that?
I asked where you're going!
I'm going to see Seo Tae Soo!
What a busy day.
Why do I have so many group customers today?
(Ji An)
My gosh.
Why did she text me?
Mom. Dad. I found out about everything.
I'm not the daughter of Haesung Corporation.
Ji Soo is the real daughter.
So I'm telling Ji Soo's parents the truth.
I'll tell them first and ask for their forgiveness.
Please prepare yourselves to go...
to the station and turn yourselves in tomorrow.
What... My goodness.
What just happened?
My gosh.
Ji An.
The phone is turned off. Please leave a message...
Ji An. No, Ji An.
Gosh, what am I going to do? Hold on.
My goodness. Let me think.
What should I do?
What should I do? Let me think.
(Tae Soo)
Come on. Please answer your phone.
Hey, Seok Doo.
Do Kyung and Min Soo are both vice presidents.
I'm the only managing director.
What's wrong with my dad?
Then pour a drink for this vice president.
I get that you don't want to answer any calls.
But I think you should answer this.
Yes, Mom.
Do Kyung.
We found out that she's not Eun Seok.
What do you mean?
Your dad ran another DNA test.
The results said she's not Eun Seok.
Eun Seok...
No, Seo Ji An, right?
She knew about it too.
Eun Seok came home?
She said she needed to talk to us.
Your dad is furious.
He stormed out to see Seo Tae Soo.
How did he find out?
What?
I don't need an office now.
I just took my first step.
No, no.
I'll talk to you later. Goodbye.
Ji An?
(Ji An)
(Mom. Dad. I found out about everything.)
I'm Choi Jae Sung, vice chairman of Haesung.
Are you Seo Tae Soo...
who sold your daughter off to get a fortune?
Are you the one who took my daughter away twice?
- Sir. - Don't you dare kneel.
Repenting after getting caught isn't genuine.
I concluded that my daughter was dead.
I did that for my entire life.
The daughter that I thought dead came back.
But she's not my daughter either!
How could you switch your daughter...
with someone else's?
How could you call yourself human?
There... There's nothing I can say.
I... I'm too ashamed to even apologize.
That's how much I'm sorry.
I don't want your empty apologies.
Did you think you could keep that secret forever?
Is that why you accepted the restaurant?
You two took my daughter away from me 25 years ago.
I held myself back from killing you.
Only because you raised my daughter.
She grew up thinking you were her parents.
I quelled my anger.
I rewarded you instead of retaliating.
I didn't even know you switched my daughter.
It... It was my doing.
He had no idea.
I sent Ji An because of my greed.
I don't know why I said she's yours,
but I'm responsible.
He only found out later.
I'll pay for my sin.
Of course you will.
You two...
will pay for your crimes. So don't you...
dare say another word.
I'm only here to take my daughter today.
Where's my daughter?
Bring me my daughter.
I don't want her to stay here for anymore.
Eun.. Eun Seok.
Ji Soo.
Eun Seok.
Eun Seok!
Ji... Ji Soo!
Eun Seok.
Eun Seok!
Ji Soo.
Ji Soo. Ji Soo.
Your dad is furious.
He stormed out to see Seo Tae Soo.
Eun Seok. Eun Seok!
Eun Seok!
Ji Soo. Ji Soo!
Ji Soo!
- Father! - You're not her father!
Please stop. His family is watching.
Let's stop here today.
Please take him home.
Dad.
Please get up.
The phone is turned off. Please leave a message...
- after the beep. - Seo Ji An.
Could I see you for a second?
I have something to say.
We must speak in person.
What I want...
is for you...
How could you switch your daughter...
with someone else's?
How could you call yourself human?
I concluded that my daughter was dead.
I did that for my entire life.
The daughter that I thought dead came back.
But she's not my daughter either!
It was my doing.
He had no idea.
I sent Ji An because of my greed.
Eun Seok.
Mom,
why do you say this is Ji An?
This is me.
I never said it was Ji An. You heard it wrong.
Is this brand from Haesung Corporation?
Did Ji An's parents open this for you?
It's shameful, isn't it?
I look shameless, don't I?
Ji Soo,
why don't you study abroad?
That's why she said those.
How could you do that?
Are you out of your mind?
How can you...
How can you do such a ridiculous thing?
Ji Tae.
Let me explain.
What is there to explain?
Is this something that can be excused?
You messed up the lives of Ji An and Ji Soo.
What excuse can you give for that?
And you even got a restaurant from them.
Are you...
the people I used to know?
I am sorry, Ji Tae.
About what?
What are you sorry about?
How could you tell me to get married...
after doing such a thing?
Were we supposed to see this happen...
as soon as we got back from our honeymoon?
Ji Tae.
Don't do this. He's not at fault.
I told you. It was me. I forced him into it.
Yes.
Good job.
Well done.
You forced Dad into it, and you lied to Ji An.
And you deceived Ji Soo and her parents.
As if that's not enough, you took the restaurant.
Stop it.
Honey.
I am too ashamed to look at you.
I am so embarrassed.
Don't say that you regret getting married.
How could I not?
I didn't marry you because of your parents.
Well,
I am surprised, and it's shocking.
But still,
didn't we promise to live for each other?
We promised not to let our relationship...
get affected by other people.
But I never imagined...
this ridiculous thing would happen.
It must be a big shock,
but let's forget it today. Even if it's just us.
Ji Soo isn't picking up her phone either.
Ji Soo...
must've been so shocked.
How did...
Ji An find out?
Did Mr. Choi hear it from Ji An herself?
Is that important to you?
We have to find Ji Soo and Ji An first.
Why would we find Ji An?
Ji An...
will come home, right?
I guess she will.
Even if her parents are all messed up,
this is the only place she can go.
She would still come with a heavy heart.
You said it before.
You said Ji An would be too embarrassed to live.
What did that woman say?
Why? If she says something,
will you believe it again?
Why didn't you do the DNA test properly?
I heard there were two toothbrushes.
Why did you only listen to what she said...
and believe that Ji An was Eun Seok?
Why?
You are so thorough and careful. So why?
I never thought...
What?
I never thought she would dare to lie...
to my face.
As soon as I met her, I drove her into a corner.
I was so impatient,
and I had to know who my daughter was.
(CEO No Myung Hee)
My name is No Myung Hee.
That woman...
At first, she didn't want to tell me who it was.
I knew one of them was my daughter,
but she still claimed that they were both hers.
My girls are twins. Fraternal twins.
And one of them died...
in 1992.
I did a DNA test.
I already know that one of the girls is mine.
Both Ji An and Ji Soo are mine. They're twins.
You're mistaken.
Then let's get both girls...
and test their DNA.
I said I would test both of the girls' DNA.
I threatened her and persuaded her.
I intensely grilled her.
Who is it?
Please. Please don't test me.
Who is my daughter?
Who is it? Who is it?
Who is it? Who's my daughter?
Ji An.
I didn't even give her a minute,
not a second to think.
I never thought someone like her...
would think of tricking me in a split second.
Moreover, how could she dare to...
I never imagined she would lie to me.
You fell into your own trap.
You never trust anyone.
And yet, you neglected the fact that...
even a housewife can be as ambitious as you.
How did you find out? Eun Seok...
I mean, how did you know Ji An wasn't Eun Seok?
Is that important?
Why didn't you tell me when you found out?
Why didn't you tell me sooner?
You can do anything you want.
But do I have to report everything to you?
What?
If you told me about it from the start,
this wouldn't have happened.
"I will take care of it." "I took care of it."
And you brought this upon me.
So why should I have told you?
When I didn't have a clear proof?
Is that why...
you made me a fool in front of Ji An?
Jae Sung, you made me a fool,
just like Ji An, and in front of her too.
I accepted a stranger as my daughter!
Who was made a bigger fool?
And who made me like this?
Even when you are fooled, you would neglect...
my feelings because you're upset about being fooled.
That's why I didn't tell you.
Your ego?
It didn't matter to me.
Even that girl was fooling us.
So confirming it was my priority.
I needed to do it without your fuss.
How did you know...
that Ji An knew about it?
I knew it too.
What?
I knew. Eun Seok...
Ji An told me first.
Then why didn't you tell me?
I told her to delay telling you...
until the end of the event.
What?
Ji An is innocent.
When she found out, she told me.
And I told her to tell you after the event...
since the event is important.
You knew?
We were going to tell you together.
Honey.
How dare you...
How can you fool me too?
Mr. Baker.
You're a good boy. Watch that, okay?
Mommy has to talk.
Take them off.
What?
Don't they teach you manners?
How can we talk...
when your whole face is covered up?
You are the one who attacked me...
in the first place.
How dare you teach me...
when you had an affair with my husband?
I didn't know he was married.
Do you think I will believe that?
Didn't Ryu...
Didn't he tell you?
He never said that he was married.
And we didn't even kiss.
I have a witness.
I don't need an excuse. I have...
Can I take this?
You're a darling.
I have a proof.
It won't happen again.
I will tell Mother to change the driver.
So there is no need to get a divorce.
It was a mistake,
but I understand that it must be upsetting.
I sincerely apologize.
I am sorry.
A verbal apology isn't good enough.
You caused a damage, so you need to compensate.
How much?
100.
100,000 dollars?
Okay.
I injected a tranquilizer.
So let her have a good sleep.
Okay.
Hey.
Ji Soo?
Ji Soo. Ji Soo.
Hey.
What are you doing?
It's Ji Soo.
Goodness, did you two drink together?
How could you make her drink...
to the point of passing out?
It wasn't me.
I was on the way home, and she was sitting here.
I called her, and she didn't answer me.
I thought she was drunk, so I shook her,
and she collapsed.
Did something happen between you two?
Me?
She was fine when she was going home.
Ji Soo.
Her hands are freezing.
- Put her on your back. - What?
Put her on your back. Hurry up.
This way.
My goodness. What's going on?
Look for her phone.
We have to call her family.
- Hurry. - Excuse me.
She doesn't have a phone with her.
She's got nothing.
What do we do with her?
She's got fever too.
It seems like she's down with flu.
I will call Ms. Sunwoo.
Okay.
No, you punk!
I am sorry.
It's just that...
Women are not allowed in my house.
It's off-limits to women.
How about Ji Soo then?
She's like a squirrel. She's not a woman.
I will watch her...
and take her home when she wakes up.
You should go now.
How can I leave her alone with you?
I was the one who found her.
I can't believe this.
Do you mean you don't trust me?
You won't let me call Ms. Sunwoo.
My goodness.
Right. I guess it's understandable.
I guess you could misunderstand me.
Then you should stay here too.
What?
I am sure she will wake up after about 30 minutes.
(Sunwoo Hyuk)
Miss, you need to get changed.
Miss.
Yes.
Hello?
Hae Ja,
did Ji Soo go to your place?
Ji Soo?
What happened to Ji Soo?
Did she run away from home?
No. You should go back to sleep.
Ji Soo.
Where did she go without a jacket?
She wasn't herself when she was entering.
She didn't smell of alcohol.
She's burning up.
We need to wake her up.
Miss. Miss.
Miss.
Miss. You are very sick.
She needs to go to the hospital.
Miss, do you want me to call home?
No.
I don't need to go to the hospital.
Just...
Just let me be.
What?
Where did she go?
"I am sorry, Mr. Baker."
"I will borrow 30 dollars for taxi fare."
She left.
Ji Soo.
Didn't you get cold?
Is it true that you did that?
Did you really do that?
I am sorry, Ji Soo.
I am sorry for what I did.
What I did was terrible.
But at the time, I...
Stop it.
I don't want to hear anything.
Ji An isn't home yet.
This is Ji An's dad.
I was wondering if you got a call...
from Ji An today.
No, she didn't call me.
Okay. This may sound a little strange,
but Ji An isn't answering my calls.
Do you know her other friends'...
I'll call her friends and get back to you.
Okay. Thank you.
The number you have dialed is not in service.
Ji An.
Where are you?
Please give me a call.
I'm so sorry.
Ji An, I'm really sorry.
But...
come back home.
Okay?
Ji Soo.
So this is what it is?
Your real daughter is Ji An, right?
You're only worried about Ji An.
Ji Soo, that's not it.
Even before I came back...
Even before you apologized to me,
you were just worried about Ji An.
Are you afraid she'd die or something?
Are you worried she got kicked out of the house?
Because she's your real daughter?
How could you do this to me?
So I'm not your daughter?
Ji Soo, that's not true.
This isn't what it is.
Then why did you send Ji An to the family?
You sent her because she's your real daughter.
She is your real daughter. That's why you sent her.
Ji Soo.
Please listen to what I'm saying.
You felt sorry for me, so you bought me an oven.
So you told me to go study abroad.
Just to send me away...
from Ji An.
No, that's not it. I didn't mean any of that.
Ji Soo, that's not true.
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry, Ji Soo. It's all my fault.
I'm really sorry.
I...
wasn't your daughter.
You just raised me...
instead of your dead daughter.
All right. What you've done is inexcusable,
but I'll let you talk.
First of all, Ji An didn't know when she came here.
As soon as she found out, she told me about it.
As I told you last night,
I told her to wait until the event is over.
It was an important event for us.
She wanted to beg for your mercy...
after completing the event successfully.
Do you think it can be an excuse?
I already introduced her to my acquaintances.
What good is it completing the event?
So you felt pity for Ji An.
I think so.
She didn't do anything wrong.
It's her fault that she's their daughter.
You can't say she's innocent.
You watched the whole process of the event.
You know how hard she worked for that.
Do Kyung, are you saying...
you want us to forgive her parents because of that?
That's impossible.
I won't let it slide. It's nothing but an excuse.
I'll never forgive her and even you.
Dad.
You should've told us the second you heard that.
You should've let us get things right immediately.
So Ra's mom called me and asked after her yesterday.
If things go wrong, your engagement will be broken.
But you were buying time.
How'd you run a company with such poor judgement?
What are you going to do then?
I don't want to talk about it with you.
I'll take care of getting things right.
They wouldn't know if I sold these stocks.
(The application for sale has been completed.)
I can't raise my kid alone with 100,000 dollars.
I want 500,000 dollars.
What is she talking about? Why would she divorce?
I can't believe this.
- A letter of resignation? - Yes.
It was on my desk.
Ji An left her letter of resignation.
And her phone is turned off.
She already cleared out her desk.
She even left me a note about her work...
regarding the event.
I don't understand why she's doing this.
She must have a reason.
I see.
Pardon?
So we can proceed with the event without her?
Yes.
Then I'll accept her resignation.
Okay.
(Letter of Resignation)
I submit a resignation for personal reasons.
Thank you for everything.
(Contact list)
(Seo Ji An)
The number you have dialed is not in service.
Please leave a message after the beep.
I'm sorry about yesterday.
You should've told me sooner.
Then...
I would've come home with you.
Ji An.
I'll prevent...
what you're worried about.
So...
don't worry about your parents.
Get some rest at home...
and call me once you get better.
The job I got you.
They didn't hire you because of me.
If the whole thing didn't happen,
we would've wanted to keep you in this company.
Give me a call.
We should...
go to the police.
We should find Ji An first.
Where would we find her?
Just stay home and take care of Ji Soo.
(No Myung Hee)
Are you going out to find Ji An?
No. I'm going out with you.
Let's go out for air. I can't stay at home.
What about Ji An?
She won't come home for a while.
She wouldn't want to see our parents yet.
She'll come back after calming herself a little.
I don't know what to say, Ji Soo.
You didn't know about it?
Hey.
I'm sorry, Soo A.
Hi.
How are you feeling?
What happened?
Sorry about yesterday.
I'll put the money back.
That's not important.
Are you okay?
I'm fine.
The bread's out.
You can take the day off if you want.
No, I want to work.
I won't ask again.
Are you sure you're okay?
Yes.
I have nowhere else to go.
She was always so bright and cheerful.
What happened?
There must be a reason why...
she was outside the bakery...
at night in just a hoodie.
I should go and get the bread myself.
You'll go? Yourself?
I feel terrible that she came to work.
I should bring some hot yuzu tea with me.
Hi, Ji Soo.
What brings you here?
I came for the bread.
I was going to bring it to you later.
I heard from Mr. Sunwoo.
You were sick last night.
I made this yuzu tea.
It's packed with vitamin C and is good for colds.
Thank you.
This is for your boss.
I brought him an Americano to wake him up.
My boss can't drink coffee.
Can't he?
Is he not in at the moment?
He was here a while ago.
Maybe he went to the toilet.
I wanted to say hello.
I'll just take the bread.
He usually sets your loaves aside.
Where are they?
The bread smells lovely.
Mr. Baker.
What's wrong? What are you doing?
Why...
Why are you here, Kang Nam Goo?
Do you really want to sell this?
- Goodbye. - Goodbye.
Hello, Ms. Choi Seo Hyun.
I can pay you tomorrow...
when my shares are sold.
Set the time and place.
Keep your promise that you won't get divorced.
How much will you give me?
You asked for 500,000 dollars.
Are you worth 500,000 dollars?
These photos will ruin your life,
not just your chances of marriage.
700,000 dollars.
She wants 700,000 dollars.
Do you know how hard it was...
to get 500,000 dollars in secret?
I sold enough shares so no one would notice,
and even the cello my grandpa got me...
when I started university.
I was so ashamed to walk into the second-hand shop.
She can't go up to 700,000 dollars.
I can't get any more money.
Will she divorce me for that much?
I can look after you...
if she'll divorce me.
You'll do what? Look after me?
Why? Who said you could?
We got married because...
she got pregnant by mistake.
We didn't love each other.
I...
I finally felt...
true love after meeting you.
Don't turn around.
Ryu.
I'll be very clear.
Stop.
What?
I said stop. You promised.
You said you'd stop when I said so.
My brakes are broken.
What?
I can't stop.
Why? What's wrong with you?
I said we're not meant to be.
People die when brakes fail.
I don't care...
if I die.
If I'm with you.
What are you doing?
When should I tell Mom?
Is this how a criminal feels...
before he turns himself in?
(Cinderella)
I thought it was Mom.
I'm not working tonight.
Let's meet up.
What?
Ji An was under a lot of pressure.
She was in charge of a huge company project.
She wanted to confess after it succeeded...
to earn your forgiveness.
That's what she wanted.
I guess it didn't work out.
What? What did you say?
Ji An can't come to the wedding.
She has to go on a business trip.
Look over here and smile.
Are you ready? 1, 2, 3.
How did you manage?
I'm on my way to the airport.
I have to go right away.
Mom, Dad, bye.
She'll call me...
once she gets her wits back.
She has nowhere else to go.
Exactly.
That's the thing.
She won't like to know that...
I came to see you.
Can you keep calling her?
If you get through to her,
tell her to come home.
No, no.
Just a call.
Tell her to give me a call.
She'll be reluctant to call us herself.
Okay. I'll tell her that.
I'm in no position to ask for favors.
Please help me out.
If she calls me,
I'll contact you right away.
You do that. Thank you.
Please keep trying.
I will.
Bye.
Oh dear...
Don't kneel.
Sit over there.
I can't dare.
If you feel bad, sit.
I'll be very direct.
I called you over...
so you can take your daughter's things.
Ms. Min.
Show her the way.
I won't go.
This is home. I lived here for 25 years.
The mom and dad I had for 25 years are mine.
Ji Soo, Ji Tae, and Ji Ho were family...
for 25 years.
So, I won't go.
I can't handle you.
It's one less mouth to feed.
How can you tell me...
to leave so easily?
Sit down.
Is that it?
Yes.
You're right.
I bought her the rest.
I decorated her room.
For my daughter to use and wear.
Your daughter fell for your tricks...
and used and wore it all.
It was me.
I'm the one who deceived you and your husband.
Ji An and...
my husband knew nothing.
My husband tried to stopped me.
I guess he failed.
Because you were so smart.
I just blurted it out.
I had lost my mind.
Ji Soo and Ji An...
meant the same to me.
Ji Soo had...
no complaints in life,
but Ji An struggled...
She had no complaints?
She lives in a shack,
works at a bakery, and she had no complaints?
Ji Soo...
I apologize.
That's not what I meant.
Did your daughter mean that much to you?
You forced my girl to stay and be poor...
and sent yours to us?
Please kill me, ma'am.
Why would I kill you?
Death is too easy.
I will kill your daughter.
Seo Ji An.
Ma'am.
Your precious daughter, Seo Ji An.
She'll never get a decent job again.
I'll make her live like you.
Watch how she manages until the day you die.
Ji An...
was duped into coming here.
I'll go to the police and pay for my crimes.
Please leave Ji An alone.
I did you wrong. Please... Please.
Yang Mi Jung.
Don't you dare quit the restaurant I gave you.
Seo Ji Tae, Lee Soo A, Seo Ji Ho.
They'll all live in the dark ages if you do.
You sold your daughter to make money.
Live with it forever.
Feed your daughter with that money.
Ms. Min.
See her out.
Was she here like this all night?
She moaned all night like a ghost.
Some people even left complaining.
I'm scared she might die.
Is she on drugs?
We should do something. Call the police.
Ask them what to do when this happens.
- Oh dear. - What now?
I'm okay.
She can talk.
Oh dear.
Water.
Can you give me some water?
- Yes, yes. - Water, of course.
Thank you.
Yes.
I care for you.
But why should I admit to that?
Why do you care?
What...
do you want from me?
You and I...
have different paths.
What do you expect of me?
Why do you look at me like that?
I felt attracted.
I admit to that.
I felt attracted. So what? A kiss?
I can kiss you 100 times.
But that's...
all it can be.
However much I like you,
I must...
marry Jang So Ra. No, I will marry her.
You live a life that suits you.
I'll go on living mine.
So...
don't expect anything from me.
Help me.
When I tell your parents today,
I'd like you to be there with me.
That's my last favor.
Help me.
Subtitle ripped and resynced by redixion
Ji An.
Where are you?
Will you please call me?
I'm so sorry.
Seo Ji An.
Why won't you call me?
How did you get in?
Don't unpack it here. I'll eat it outside.
My colleagues will be back.
Ji Soo.
Goodbye.
And...
don't come here again.
You can't come to the wedding?
My business trip was already scheduled.
The wedding was so sudden.
Seo Ji An.
Did you know already?
(Ji An)
The phone is turned off.
Please leave a message after the beep.
I can't eat.
I only brought some soup.
Can't you even eat this?
Thank you.
Go straight to a hospital, okay?
Does she have no family?
(Starting)
(Whiner, Ji Tae)
(Mom, Dad, Whiner)
(Whiner)
Call me, Seo Ji An.
I have to see you.
Call me.
Why would you be a coward and turn off your phone?
- Thank you. - Bye.
(Ji An)
Ji Soo.